               The Estonian text of the Consti-
               tution of the Republic of Estonia
               and the Citizenship Act, as well
               as the dictionary may be re-
               ferred to at the examination. All
               the materials are available in the
               examination room.


The result of the examination will be com-
municated within 14 days as of the date of the
examination by post or e-mail. The pass mark of
the examination is at least 18 correct answers
out of 24. The examination certificate will be
issued in electronic form, which can be viewed
on and downloaded from the official govern-
ment portal www.eesti.ee

Those who are unable to take the examination
according to the standard procedure owing
to their medical status can apply for a modi-
fication of the scope or manner of taking the
examination. For this they must submit to the
Foundation Innove a corresponding applica-
tion accompanied by a medical specialist’s cer-
 tificate on their medical status, which will be
  reviewed by an expert committee.                                            The examination on the
   If you wish to cancel your participation
                                                    Additional information:   knowledge of the
                                                     Foundation Innove
    in the examination, please inform us
     by the Monday of the week of the ex-
                                                       Lõõtsa 4, Tallinn      Constitution of the
                                                         Tel. 735 0500
       amination at the latest by phone 735
                                                       info@innove.ee
                                                                              Republic of Estonia
        0500 or e-mail info@innove.ee
                                                       www.innove.ee          and the Citizenship Act
                                                    You can register for the exam:
                                                     • on the official government portal
                                                       www.eesti.ee;
                                                     • by sending or taking to the Foundation
                                                       Innove a standard application accompanied
                                                       by a copy of the ID card. The application
                                                       form is available on the Foundation Innove
                                                       webpage.
                                                    You cannot register for the examination by
                                                    phone.


                                                    Free consultations are available prior to the       The examination questions involve
                                                    examination. The consultations are open to all      the following areas:
                                                    who wish to learn about the content and format
The examination on the knowledge of the             of the examination and check their preparation      • The fundamental principles of the Estonian
Constitution of the Republic of Estonia and         for the examination. A notice of the time and         form of government, stipulated in Chapters
the Citizenship Act (Examination) is designed for   place of the consultations and the examination is     I and III of the Constitution of the Republic
those who wish to apply for Estonian citizenship.   sent to the registered participants 7 days before     of Estonia;
                                                    the examination at the latest.                      • The fundamental rights, freedoms and du-
The examination is held 12 times a year in                                                                ties of each person, stipulated in Chapter
Tallinn, Narva, Jõhvi and Tartu and twice a                                                               II of the Constitution of the Republic of
year in Pärnu, Rakvere and Valga.                   It is a written examination with 24 multiple          Estonia;
                                                    choice questions. For each question, the one cor-   • The jurisdiction of the Riigikogu, the
                                                    rect answer must be marked. All the questions         President of the Republic, the Govern-
The examination takes place on the same                                                                   ment of the Republic and the courts
                                                    are in Estonian. You have 45 minutes to take the
date and at the same time at all the exam-                                                                according to the Constitution of the
                                                    examination.
ination centres.                                                                                          Republic of Estonia;
                                                                                                        • The conditions and procedure for
Taking the examination is free of charge.                                                                 the acquisition, resumption and
                                                                                                          loss of Estonian citizenship accord-
                                                                                                          ing to the Citizenship Act.
